vmagent: add support of HTTP2 client for Kubernetes SD (#7114)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): add an ability to use HTTP/2 client for Kubernetes service discovery. This can be useful to reduce amount of open connections to Kubernetes API server. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5971) for the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): allow using HTTP/2 client for Kubernetes service discovery if `-promscrape.kubernetes.useHTTP2Client` cmd-line flag is set. This could help reduce the amount of opened connections to the Kubernetes API server. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5971) for the details.
```

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): allow using HTTP/2 client for Kubernetes service discovery if `-promscrape.kubernetes.useHTTP2Client` cmd-line flag is set. This could help reduce the amount of opened connections to the Kubernetes API server. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5971) for the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): allow using HTTP/2 client for Kubernetes service discovery if `-promscrape.kubernetes.useHTTP2Client` cmd-line flag is set. This could help to reduce the amount of opened connections to the Kubernetes API server. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5971) for the details.
```
